In this lecture, I'm going to show you how to publish a plug in to the WordPress repository.
It's a very simple process.
However, I have to give you a warning.
You may not be able to upload the in when you develop to the WordPress repository.
WordPress does not allow for duplicate plugins.
Once my plugin is approved, you will not be able to upload the same plugin.
To avoid rejection, I recommend improving the plugin by adding your own features.
For example, you can try adding support for a different icon set.
You can try adding support for nested alerts.
There are a lot of things you can do.
I highly recommend making the plug in your own by adding custom features for educational purposes.
I'm including this lecture to walk you through the process.
You do not need to follow these steps.
It's perfectly fine to just watch.
The first step in this process is to prepare our plugin in the editor.
Open the read midi text file.
Before starting this lecture, I modified the read me file with various pieces of information on our
plug in.
This file is extremely important.
WordPress will extract the information from this file.
This information is presented to the user on the plugin page.
We must add here to a specific formats in the resource section of this lecture.
I provide a link to the documentation page for this file.
This page provides detailed information on how to format the read me file.
In my opinion, the most useful piece of information is in the description.
WordPress recommends two tools for creating this file.
Let's check them out.
The first tool is a generator.
It's possible that you may create errors or typos to prevent the likelihood of an error.
I recommend using this tool to create a new read me, file it all neatly.
Format the file.
The second tool is a validator.
Just in case you should always validate your read me files for potential errors.
If there are errors in your code.
Your plugin will be rejected.
For example purposes I'm going to paste in the read me file I've created.
Next, I will validate the file.
After a few moments, the validator will throw a few notes at me.
These notes are not errors.
They're are just recommendations.
If the box were yellow.
These bullet points would be considered errors.
Let me show you an example.
I'm going to temporarily break my read me file.
Afterward, I will revalidate the file.
This time, warnings will appear.
Warnings must be addressed before proceeding.
Once you have the read me file ready, we can begin packaging the file in the editor.
Open the command line.
Plugins must be exported as a zip file.
The WordPress Scripts package has a command for zipping your plugin file without the clutter of the
node modules directory in the command line.
Run the following command and PM.
Run build.
Before zipping the project.
I recommend building the project.
The Build Command will optimize the plug and file for production.
Next, let's run the NPM run plug in zip command.
This command will begin the process of zipping the file.
From my experience, this command does not always produce reliable results.
I prefer zipping the plug in manually.
If you decide to zip the file manually, you can include all the files except the node modules directory.
It's not necessary to include this directory with your zip file, otherwise you may get rejected for
having a large file size.
After zipping the file, we can begin uploading the file in the resource section of this lecture.
I provide a link to a page with an overview of the submission process.
If you scroll to the bottom of the page, the list of steps for submitting a plugin is written here.
Before uploading a file, you must create a WordPress account.
After creating an accounts, you can click on this link to submit the plugin.
I'm not going to submit the plugin as I've already done so already.
Hopefully this lecture has provided key insight into submitting a plugin.
There are additional steps, but those are beyond the scope of this course.
I recommend reading the previous page for those steps.